# Big-Query-Processor-
Brief Description:
In the present era, scientific publications are increasing rapidly, making the network of collaborations, topics, papers, etc., more complex than ever. Not surprisingly, the term Big Scholarly Data has been recently coined to refer to the rapidly growing scholarly source of information (e,g., extensive collections of scholarly data with million authors, papers, citations, figures, tables, as well as massive scale related data such as scholarly networks). The analysis of such data and network is helpful for researchers to identify colleagues working on similar topics, make a profile of a researcher for understanding its research interests based on its academic records and scores, and identify experts on a specific research area. The DBLP server provides bibliographic information of Scholarly Data on major computer science journals and proceedings. It is a high-quality digital library with complete coverage of computer science literature. DBLP data if modelled in a graph format would allow several outcomes such as finding experts in the community, community detection, community mining, keyword extraction, etc. Researchers in academia are categorized into communities and characterized by topics, interests, geographical influence, etc. In the DBLP, the community is a significant object of interest. Generally, a community is a subset of nodes within the graph such that connections between the nodes are denser than connections with the rest of the graph. Relation among the entities can be represented in a graph format using Neo4j. Specifically, Neo4j is a graph database. It models attributes, labels, and directed multi-graphs. Neo4j makes use of the declarative Cypher language for querying the graph-store. Recent studies state a growing interest in studying and understanding the network of scholars/researchers to find research experts, trending topics, influencing scholars, etc., by searching scholarly data in the graph format. In view of providing a tool to researchers for querying the DBLP bibliography in a graph format, students are required to build an application through a Python shell interface or a Web GUI. Any graph-based queries on Neo4j can be performed using the Cypher query language with the below specified model.

